disappeared for a while
work for some big scale projects
realize the importance of using docker

So why docker?
- The purpose of using docker
- comparing docker with VMs
quote:
It’s important to distinguish containers and hypervisor-based virtual machines (VMs). VMs allow multiple copies of the operating system, or even multiple different operating systems, to share a machine. Each VM can host and run multiple applications. By comparison, a container is designed to virtualize a single application, and all containers deployed on a host share a single OS kernel, as Figure 2 shows. Typically, containers spin up faster, run the application with bare-metal performance, and are simpler to manage since there is no additional overhead to making an OS kernel call.

- the weakness of docker when dealing with GPUs -> nvidia-docker

Installation of docker
nvidia-driver in host
install docker
install nvidia-docker
choosing images

Examples

Hey guys, it has been quite a long while since my last blog post (for almost a year, I guess). Today, I am going to tell you about something that I wish I had known before: nvidia-docker.

virtual
not real
not directly doing something with drivers

docker and nvidia-docker definition

3. Installing NVIDIA docker
So, let's get into the most important part: installing NVIDIA docker.
As I said in the previous part, NVIDIA docker is just a plugin to docker, which makes GPU accessible from inside docker's containers. Therefore, installing NVIDIA docker consists of three steps like below:
- Installing NVIDIA driver
- Installing docker
- Installing NVIDIA docker

* Installing NVIDIA driver
NVIDIA driver is simply the necessary driver to use your GPU. You only need to install NVIDIA driver to your PC in order to use NVIDIA docker, which is a big advantage of docker.
How to install NVIDIA driver depends on what Linux distribution you are using. And NVIDIA has a very detailed step-by-step instructions for all Linux distributions, so I think I should leave this part for you guys :) It's very easy, don't panic. My one piece of advice is: the newer the driver is, the better! The reason is that, newer version of CUDA toolkit may not work with old version of NVIDIA driver.
Link: http://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-installation-guide-linux/index.html

* Installing docker
Next, we will install docker. Docker has two available editions: Community Edition (CE) and Enterprise Edition (EE). And just like NVIDIA driver, you need to know what Linux distribution you are using to choose the proper installation file.
In this part, I will show you 
